Feature/7361 replace links with our own urls (#108)
G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Addon: G1ANT.Addon.Selenium/G1ANT.Addon.Selenium/Commands/SeleniumOpenCommand.md

| Argument | Type | Required | Default Value | Description |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ------------- | ----------- |
|`type`| [text](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/TextStructure.md) | yes|  | Name of a web browser |
|`url`| [text](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/TextStructure.md) | no|  | URL address of a webpage to be loaded |
|`nowait` | [bool](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/BooleanStructure.md) | no | false | By default, waits until the webpage fully loads |

> |`result` | [variable](https://github.com/G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Manual/blob/master/G1ANT-Language/Special-Characters/variable.md) | no | ♥result  | Name of a variable where the command's result will be stored |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`result` | [variable](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/VariableStructure.md) | no | ♥result  | Name of a variable where the command's result will be stored |
```
